P01-Hit the second shot (groundstroke) to the open court for a winner or an approach shot.
P02-Hit the second shot (groundstroke) to the open court for a winner or an approach shot.
P03-Hit the second shot (groundstroke) down the line or to your opponent's weaker side.
P04-Hit the second shot (groundstroke) down the line or to your opponent's weaker side.
P05-Expect a short, weak, return.  Hit a forcing second shot (groundstroke) or an outright winner.
P06-Aim for depth and safety to begin a crosscourt rally.  
P07-Aim for depth and safety to begin a crosscourt rally.  
P08-Aim for depth and force the server to move quickly to cover down the line shot.  
P09-Aim for depth and force the server to move quickly to cover down the line shot.
P10-Aim for depth and safety by hitting to the largest area of the course.  Increase consistency by aiming high over the net.
P11-Aim for depth and safety by hitting to the largest area of the course.  Increase consistency by aiming high over the net.
P12-Aim deep to put the server in a defensive position.
P13-Aim deep to put the server in a defensive position.
P14-Hit an aggressive drive to attack weakness and elicit a weak reply.
P15-Hit an aggressive drive to attack weakness and elicit a weak reply.
P16-Hit an approach shot down the line and follow the ball to the net.  Volley the next shot to the open court.
P17-To force the server to make a difficult first volley from ball below the level of the net.  Go for a passing shot on the next ball.
P18-If the server closes fast, hit down the line to catch to make the opponent play a difficult volley.
P19-Keep the ball deep until you get a short ball, then attack the ball above the net by driving it down the line.
P20-If the ball lands in the outside third of the court and opens up an angle, drive the ball crosscourt and off the court.
P21-From a short, wide ball, hit a severely angled crosscourt with heavy topspin that draws opponent off the court and direct next ball to the open court.
P22-Step around a ball down the middle and drive an inside_out forehand through the court.  Expect a weak return shot and attack.
P23-If your opponent hits down the line from his forehand corner, step around the shot and drive an inside_out forehand to pull him off the court.
P24-Hit a looping drive to your opponent's backhand and look for a short ball to take out of the air or hit a winner after the bounce.
P25-Keep your opponent deep until you get a short ball that you can attack.
P26-Reduce your opponent's angles and avoid errors by hitting high and deep down the middle of the court.
P27-Follow your shot to the net and volley the next ball to the open court.
P28-Use this pattern as a variation of pattern 27 to prevent your opponent from anticipating your shot down the line.
P29-Use a safe, depth sliced approach shot, then follow the ball to the net and volley the next shot to the open court.
P30-Use the drop shot as a variation of pattern 29 to keep your opponent off balance.
P31-Approach down the middle to reduce the angle of possible returns.
P32-If you have a strong forehand, run around your backhand to use the inside_out forehand for the approach shot.
P33-Loop a heavy topspin shot deep to your opponent's weaker side, which is often the backhand.
P34-When your opponent is pulled wide and tries to recover position by looping a shot or sliced back, move in to hit an approach volley out of the air.
P35-After hitting the first volley to a weakness, move in and volley the next shot to the open court.
P36-Volley down the line to keep the ball in front of you and angle the next shot to the open court.
P37-After your first volley, close in and volley the next shot short crosscourt on the opposite side for a winner.
P38-Pull the receiver wide with your serve and then hit your first volley to the open court on the opposite side.
P39-Pull the receiver to the middle with your serve and then volley behind her or to the weaker side
P40-Angle your overhead smash away or bounce it over the fence.
P41-Direct your overhead smash crosscourt and toward the safe middle court.  Close in to the net in case your opponent returns your shot. 
P42-If the lob is very high or complicated, let the ball bounce and aim for the largest portion of the court.  Close in to the net in case of a return shot.
P43-Although this requires changing the direction of the ball, your opponent will need to cover a lot of ground to cut off the shot.
P44-Drive a low topspin passing shot back crosscourt.  Hopefully you will be hitting the ball behind your opponent.
P45-Drive a low topspin passing shot ccrosscourt by taking the ball early and on the rise.
P46-Hit a low and hard drive down the line first to elicit a weak volley, and then hit the second passing shot crosscourt.
P47-Hit a forceful passing shot right at the net player first to reduce the angle for a winning volley.  Then look to hit a clear passing shot to either side.
P48-First, hit a heavy topspin inside_out forehand so the ball dips below the net.  Expect a volley down the line and hit a passing shot sharply crosscourt.
P49-If your opponent's shot lacks depth and pace, move around the ball to hit a power shot crosscourt or down the line.
P50-Get to the ball quickly and hit a safe crosscourt pass to get your opponent in trouble.  Expect a volley up the line and then pass on the next shot.
P51-Hit first passing shot down the line and expect opponent to volley crosscourt to the open court.  Hit next passing shot down the line on other side of the court.
P52-Get to the ball quickly and hit a safe crosscourt pass to get your opponent in trouble.  Expect a volley up the line and then pass on the second shot.
P53-Hit first passing shot down the line and expect opponent to volley crosscourt to the open court.  Hit next passing shot down the line on other side of the court.
P54-If the sliced approach is near your backhand sideline, hit a soft, low chip crosscourt on the first shot.  Expect a weak volley and pass on the next shot.
P55-After an aggressive drive at your opponent's right hip, expect a reflex volley, which you can then put away.
P56-Aften an approach, hit a passing shot low and down the line.  If opponent volleys to open court, hit an offensive lob with heavy topspin over his backhand side.
P57-Aften an approach, hit a passing shot low and down the line.  If opponent volleys to open court and closes in, hit an offensive lob with heavy topspin crosscourt.
P58-If your opponent's approach pushes you very deep or wide, hit a save defensive lob to the largest court area to give yourself time to recover.
 